EVALUATION LICENSE AGREEMENT FOR 'IBM VisualAge for COBOL for OS/2'
Remote Edit/Compile Beta Code:

International Business Machines Corporation ('IBM') grants you a
non-exclusive, non-transferable license to use, copy and distribute
object code versions of this software and associated documentation
('Program') solely for the purposes of testing and evaluating the
performance of the Program under your operating conditions or in
conjunction with the development of your applications.  You may not
create derivative works, decompile, disassemble or otherwise attempt
to translate or seek to gain access to the Program's source code.  You
may make a reasonable number of copies of the Program, in order to
enable you to accomplish the objectives of this Evaluation License.
All copies that you make must bear the same legends and notices that
appear on the original Program and must be accompanied by a copy of
this Evaluation License.  You may also distribute, sublicense or
otherwise transfer object code versions of the Program, only if you do
not charge for copies of the Program.

As the Program is being tested and is not generally available, YOU
UNDERSTAND THAT THE PROGRAM AND ANY LIMITED TECHNICAL SUPPORT ARE
BEING PROVIDED TO YOU 'AS IS' WITHOUT ANY WARRANTIES (EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED) WHATSOEVER, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO ANY IMPLIED
WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, QUALITY, PERFORMANCE OR FITNESS FOR ANY
PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  Furthermore, IBM accepts no liability for damages
you may suffer as a result of the technical support provided or not
provided, or your use of the Program, including any damages claimed by
you, based on any third party claims.  In no event will IBM be liable
for any indirect, special or consequential damages, even if IBM has
been advised of the possibility of their occurrence.  Some
jurisdictions do not allow the exclusion or limitation of warranties
or consequential or incidental damages, so the above may not apply to
you.

IBM does not warrant or guarantee any version of the Program will ever
be made generally available or marketed or that the operability of any
of your applications running with the Program will be maintained with
any versions of the Program that may be made generally available.

As your testing and performance evaluation of this Program is
important to IBM, this Evaluation License is granted without charge.
You agree that IBM may use all suggestions, inventions, improvements
and written materials you furnish to IBM in connection with your use
of the Program, and that IBM may include them in any IBM product, and
with respect to any such written materials, may claim copyright
thereon as part of IBM's overall rights in any IBM product, without
accounting to you.

You may send your feedback in writing to:

IBM Corporation
COBOL Development Team
Department M80/E251
P.O. Box 49023
555 Bailey Avenue
San Jose, CA  95161-9023
-or-
You may fax comments to the attention of the
COBOL development team at (408)463-2425.

The term of your Evaluation License will be from the date of first
installation until the earlier of (i) October 27, 1996, or (ii) the
date IBM makes a follow on to IBM VisualAge for COBOL for OS/2 Version
1 generally available.  You must destroy the Program within ten (10)
days of the expiration or termination of your license.

This Evaluation License shall be governed by and interpreted in
accordance with the laws of the State of New York.

To make a copy of this license, print the file IBMCOBOL\BETALIC.TXT.

